hey girls free here with the brats the
girls with the passion for fashion
did you hear Jade Cloe Yasmin and Sasha
just opened up their brand new boutique
each inspired by their own personalities
I think that it is so cool that they
have their own boutiques I wish I had
one of my own but I just don't know
where to start
that's why do you take me here the Art
Institute of California Hollywood school
of fashion the place to learn everything
you need to know about starting your own
line so Jay tells me that you're really
interested in fashion design I am but it
just seems so overwhelming it's a lot
you have to take it step by step
talent is not enough you also have to
have a strong work ethic and dedication
but I think it's part intuition as well
yeah well Jade always knows how to dress
but it falls right around the corner and
she needs something functional versatile
and of course fashionable well you have
come to the right place
Oh first things first what seems for
fall this year well we're gonna see a
lot of plaids and Paisley's vintage
style so high-waisted pants are going to
be in also a lot of orange Burghley and
green that's Jade's favorite color well
sounds like there's gonna be some pretty
groovy things to show off this year but
we need to think about what's good for
Jade too right yeah totally see your
natural oh I thank you
so now that we know all the latest
trends let's sketch a few ideas awesome
I love to draw
so I decided to do a high-waisted pant
in paisley print and it's green so it'll
look really cute on her well yours looks
amazing but I got it mitt mine looks
awesome too now we have our fabric
selected so the next thing we're gonna
do is sketch out our pattern after we
cut out the pattern we're gonna place it
on the fabric and pin it so that when we
cut the fabric it doesn't move around
normally to sew these we would use a
machine but because of jade size were
gonna hand sew them hey this looks
perfect on you but I just feel like
something's missing well she needs some
cool accessories to complete the look so
she can make it unique oh I know just
the place to shop
I hate these shoes would be perfect on
you good choice hey Bri what do you
think about that necklace Oh totes cute
are you thinking what I'm thinking
denim jacket and I do it this time
sure yes
this looks amazing great job Hannah I
could totally see myself wearing this
well that's all the time we have for
today's episode so keep that passion for
fashion and I'll catch you girls next
time bye